Revise: Web APIs / HTMLDialogElement Docs (#42127)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/htmldialogelement/cancel_event/index.md

{{APIRef("HTML DOM")}}

> The **`cancel`** event fires on a {{HTMLElement("dialog")}} element when the user sends a [close request](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/interaction.html#close-request) to the user agent.

Reviewer: 1. Linking to the spec is frowned upon, unless absolutely necessary. MDN is supposed to be a human readable version of the spec. Defining the close request below does the job nicely.
2. The user doesn't really send anything - the browser does. 
3. Terminology is mixed, but use browser by preference. I tend to use browser agent for web APIs that also exist in node/deno.

Propose

```suggestion
The **`cancel`** event fires on a {{HTMLElement("dialog")}} element when the user triggers a close request.
```

Close requests might be triggered by:

- Pressing the <kbd>Esc</kbd> key on desktop platforms
- Calling the {{domxref("HTMLDialogElement.requestClose()", "requestClose()")}} method.
- The back button on mobile platforms

> This event is cancelable but cannot bubble.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This event is cancelable and does not bubble.
```

## See also

- HTML {{HTMLElement("dialog")}} element

> - The [`Event`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Event) interface

Reviewer: I'm going to remove this everywhere. It isn't a see also - it is on every page up in the Event type.
